Multiple Entries Policy

Multiple Entries Process begins from the moment you register for multiple events up until draws are generated, please see below how OTA implements this process.

Players are numbered and placed in the main draw or reserve lists depending on the draw caps on Monday/Tuesday the week before the event.
a. This is where you will find where you stand in tournament lists.

By 12:00pm Wednesday the week before the tournament the entry lists are updated one final time to allow players/parents to see where they stand before the withdrawal deadline.

Once you see where you stand on the entry lists, follow the steps below:
a. If you are on the main draw lists of 2 or more events where even 1 day conflicts, withdraw from all but 1 event. Failure to do so before adjustments are made on Thursday/Friday will result in you being removed from all tournaments in that timeframe before draws are finalized. 

i. As adjustments are a manual process, players in 2 or more events can sometimes be missed. If you notice that you were kept in 2 main draws once the draws have been published, notify otatournaments@tennisontario.com as competing in 2 tournaments in the same timeframe will result in the loss of ranking points from those events, and suspension points on your profile. 

b. If you are on the main draw list of 1 event, as well as on the reserve list of 1 or more events, please be sure to withdraw online from the reserve list in order to avoid being added to a second main draw by accident. 
i.  If this is missed players are manually removed from all events and kept in the main draw event they were in as long as it is only 1.

c. If you are only on the reserve lists of the events registered, you do not have to do anything. We will make our adjustments and add you to an event, if possible, based on any remaining spots. If you are added to an event, we will remove you from any others to avoid a conflict.
If you remain on the reserve list of an event after the withdrawal deadline, there is still a chance to be added to the main draw after adjustments are completed. If you are unable to commit to the event before the deadline closes, the safest thing to do is withdraw from the event to avoid being added to the draw before they are posted as notice will not be given ahead of time.

If you happen to miss the withdrawal deadline, you should email otatournaments@tennisontario.com right away so that your entry can be manually removed without penalty prior to the draws being generated. 
a. Once the draws have been published, any withdrawal will then be considered late, and late withdrawal penalties will apply.